Dzelge 973 hide secrets (#974)
CCI-Tools/cate: CHANGES.md

## Version 2.1.5 (in development)

* Now including ODP dataset verification information in data sources for use by Cate App.

> * read_zarr is now using type `Password` for the bucket secret or token 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Operation `read_zarr()` now uses the new `password` attribute its `secret`and `token` parameters.
```
